animal crossing what what here we go
animal rushing oh great it's an animal
crossing government character coming to
we you to fight dude crap boy Tom Nook
oh here's a little bit of Hope ahead of
mine oh we use samus looks beautiful
ooh
Wow they didn't forget about Metroid or
starfox Donkey Kong monster
if there's a new character don't say it
cuz I'm behind you yeah don't say
anything until after we're all done
yeah there this game it is that does
game track stage oh nice
the ticket box they were all hiding from
the dog holy it's updated to be oh
my god
alright here we might see something big
here final destination Oh battlefield
battlefield is an actual battlefield
skyress all because I thought skywards
Skyloft
yeah behind you guys so I mean animal
crossing sounds final sandwich
well it's actual plating rustling a
readout for Boss kirby superstar oh yes
nice
where they just give him like the volume
freakin powers wait no wait no sir party
characters wait are we gonna get away no
sir reporting the characters in this
where's my lawyer Irving new channels
are procured you're approaching please
be loiters do not say a thing
it's not how I expected
dang it sorry
that's beautiful
there you go
you're making it worse the same gonna
happen all right they show another one
once can do that I'm not gonna tell you
why but just look at what he did
oh dude it's playing dr. Wily's state
joke oh he also asked that jeez well
they dopey pls nerf oh my god how many
power-ups he thinking they had Hopi
please oh my god he just oh is it
freezing for you yeah mine's freezing
constantly come on this is gonna be
another challenger please
wait what we will open the official
smash brothers community after